there is perhaps no unbiased source of
information on the internet but the
casinos of Las Vegas Nevada provide us
with the unique way to evaluate who is
going to win and who is going to lose
the upcoming presidential election of
the united states america and we can be
sure that they're not politically biased
ultimately there's just an overweening
financial interests that the casinos
have in making money this was the week
when Bernie Sanders tumbled from being a
major contender for the presidency in
the united states america to being so
unlikely to win that his odds are in a
word laughable to put this in
perspective the odds on Andrew yang
winning right now are plus 1,500 so with
this system of arithmetic notation plus
1,500 means if you go into a casino in
Las Vegas and put down a $100 bet on
Andrew Yang and then Andrew yang wins
the presidency the United States your
prize your winnings will be $1,500 so
this reflects an underlying political
analysis that it is extremely unlikely
that Andrew yang will win the presidency
and if he does you could become
fabulously wealthy by just gambling a
few thousand dollars betting that he'd
win the odds that Bernie Sanders will
win the presidency United States of
America as of October 8th 2019 our +2000
even worse than Andrew yang
so if you bet $100 that casino in Las
Vegas is now willing to give you a prize
of $2,000 if Bernie Sanders should
manage to win I think Elizabeth Warren
has really been competing in the shadow
of Bernie Sanders to a greater extent
than most people appreciate Bernie
Sanders set himself up as both the
respected and odious representative of
socialism and then Elizabeth Warren was
seen in that context as the more
moderate more reasonable non-socialist
representative of fundamentally the same
policy goals so Bernie Sanders was going
to use the big s word socialist and
Elizabeth Warren would say that she is
quote a capitalist to her bones so these
were seen as two different paths leading
to the same place one more moderate and
reasonable one more radical than
uncompromising and of course a lot of
people who are still disaffected with or
disappointed with the Democrat Party of
the Obama era were obviously
enthusiastic about taking the more
radical road because under Obama they
voted for change they voted for hope and
they got the status quo and they got
nope however I think you have to concede
the point that Bernie Sanders was never
really playing to win he never really
was committed to thinking of himself as
an ex-president Knight states
he was never willing to make the
sacrifices sacrifices ultimately that
just have to do with his own ego and the
use of the word socialist is a very
instructive example okay if you walk
into a grocery store and say I want to
buy a bag of greasy dehydrated
niblets they'll send you the popcorn
section is a reason why it's called
popcorn and not greasy dehydrated corn
niblets Bernie Sanders could have at any
point swallowed his pride set aside his
commitment to the very unpopular label
of socialist and accepted that he has to
package his policies in the way that
Elizabeth Warren already was packaging
hers Bernie Sanders wants more taxes on
the Reg Elizabeth Warren wants more
taxes on the which higher taxes for the
rich Bernie Sanders calls it socialism
Elizabeth Warren called said capitalism
what would you rather buy greasy
dehydrated corn niblets
or popcorn let's get real here people if
the difference between these two things
is Bernie Sanders ego why couldn't
Bernie Sanders had the humility and
detachment to recognize his political
position is further to the left than the
vast majority of Americans his political
majority of members of the Democrat
Party and even worse his political
position is further to the left than the
minority of members of the Democrat
Party who actually attend and
participate in the presidential primary
process okay
so guess what you got to do Bernie you
got to eat your humble pie and come up
to the podium and when you're asked
about your past support for communist
Russia your past visit to comments
Russia you should say I realize now that
was bad and wrong when you're asked
about your past use of the word
socialist you should have the humility
to say I realize now that was bad and
wrong and you should come out and say
firmly with conviction and clarity that
what you represent for the future of the
United States is no more socialist than
what governments have already
accomplished in Canada well governments
have already accomplished in Denmark and
Sweden those countries are not socialist
they're not communist
that's what you want poor people in the
United States America to have is better
healthcare better access to education
blah blah blah all right you could have
done this Bernie you could have if you
were really playing to win right and you
weren't okay didn't you didn't really
take it all the way did you Bernie and
now at Great Lengths
after great efforts you've been pretty
much eliminated from the race I think
nobody else has told you Bernie that you
have in large part in this way been
eliminated by your own hubris and there
was a very different kind of hubris
Bernie when you were campaigning against
corruption you were campaigning against
crony capitalism but you were still
supporting the dairy industry you were
still supporting the beef industry in a
manner that you would have perceived as
corrupt if you were criticizing a
Republican for doing the same things you
were out there supporting quote-unquote
family farmers wanting more taxpayers
money to be handed out and lined the
party of those Astari farmers you had
the nerve to come out and say the United
States of America would be better off if
it adopted Canada's system of stuffing
taxpayers dollars into the dairy
industry whoa have you got it 180
degrees the wrong way away there well
America system is bad but Canada's
system of subsidies for dairy farmers
even worse idiocy and and that idiocy
bernie is the same hubris that resulted
in you refusing to even consider a vegan
diet and you should have adopted a vegan
diet if you had adopted a vegan diet you
wouldn't have been hypocrite about
ecology you wouldn't have been a
hypocrite about subsidies of the meat
and dairy industry and you would not
have had this heart attack that's had an
absolutely crucial role in basically
eliminating you from the contention for
the presidency United States right so
come back to my main premise here
Elizabeth Warren is only now emerging
from the shadow of Bernie Sanders where
she has been seen in that shadow she's
in essence been protected from criticism
by the show because she's been seen as
representing the same policies but
without the socialism
without the radical overtones okay how
many people have actually read her
complete policy document her complete
list of plans I started reading it today
I'm gonna read it so you don't have to
I'm gonna come out and make a youtube
video about it probably tomorrow or
possibly the next day I'm gonna go
through it and take notes and I'm gonna
tell you what I think but I started
reading it today and let me tell you
something a lot of these plans are so
vague that they can be summarized as a
bunch of platitudes
with maybe one line of tough-talking
rhetoric floating around somewhere ah
the Elizabeth Warren plan on foreign
policy is it's time for our troops to
come home I'm not giving you no it's
it's got a couple paragraphs of text
that's the only sentence fragment that
counts nobody's been cross-examining her
or really questioning her on this
because again until recently she was in
the shadow of Bernie Sanders and she was
just presumed to be a less radical
version of the same objectives well
Bernie Sanders talks about dramatically
reducing the military budget um we've
just seen I mean again I'd to get the
precise date today is October 9th 2019
we have just seen the ludicrous backlash
from both the left and the right when
Donald Trump tries to take our troops
home from Syria from a war for the
future of Kurdistan that the American
public has no interest in pursuing and
both the left and the right are telling
him he's dead wrong to bring his troops
home it's never been a harder time to be
a pro peace candidate in America what is
really meant by Elizabeth Warren's very
vague commitment to bring our troops
home what does that mean for the
conflict in Yemen what does that mean
for the very real and ongoing conflict
between Israel and Iran which is not a
cold war and is not a phony war it's a
very real ongoing
war that stretches out territorially
between Israel and Iran including
territory of Iraq and Syria right now
there have been aerial bombardments
there are armed men on the ground the
armed men are giving interviews took
Reuters to the mainstream press it's a
war that's unfolding as we speak and the
left-of-center press including the New
York Times they all want to pretend that
Iran is baseless hysteria it's not
Donald Trump may not know what he's
talking about but left-wing new sources
like The Young Turks also do not know
what they're talking about on the Iran
vs. Israel issue we could go down the
list a huge number of conflicts all
around the world that America has gotten
a toe into or sometimes you've put in
the whole leg what is she really
committed to war comes in a terrible
price peace comes at a price also do you
want to abandon Afghanistan yes or no if
America abandons Afghanistan the Taliban
will take over and the Taliban will
literally burn down the women's colleges
the women's schools the female equality
educational institutions that American
taxpayer is created they will burn the
ballot boxes they will destroy the basis
for democracy in that country and there
will never be elections in Afghanistan
again there will be no more freedom of
speech they will revert to a
totalitarian form of government and the
whole world is gonna sit there and watch
and the Taliban they upload to YouTube
they're gonna film it and put out the
Internet and they're gonna laugh at the
failure of American imperialism they're
gonna burn the flag and they're gonna
throw a party I don't think there will
be cocktails I think that'll be an
alcohol free party and then you know
what they're gonna do after that
they're gonna become the world's major
crossroads of both opium production and
terrorist training and there's a little
saying in Afghanistan you may not know
this about Afghan culture quote I waited
a hundred years to take my revenge and
still I acted too soon Afghanistan is a
vendetta culture their Vendetta
against the United States will never and
you know what it won't just be the
Taliban that has that vendetta it won't
just be your enemies it'll be the allies
that you abandon you know what American
war in Afghanistan deeply morally flawed
sold to the American public on a totally
false rationale totally false set of
reasons within the boat for why
Americans right
position you're in now is you've created
a very delicate secular democracy it's
just barely secular it's just barely
democracy it just barely exists and it's
surrounded by fundamentalist barbarians
who want to tear it down there will be a
price in blood war is expensive piece
also expensive right I don't know what
Elizabeth Warren's position is nobody
knows what her real position is on any
of these issues I think it's
understandable people have been
cross-examining Bernie Sanders them
across examining Donald Trump
they've been cross-examining Joe Biden
and only now is Elizabeth Warren really
gonna emerge from those shadows and face
the kind of scrutiny and
cross-examination that any candidate
taken seriously in the election honestly
should face okay so Elizabeth Warren
right now is the odds-on favorite to win
the Vegas odds for Donald Trump are plus
125 makes sense cuz he's already in
office the odds for Elizabeth Warren are
plus 250 the odds for Joe Biden are a
big step back at plus 700 okay Elizabeth
Warren more likely to win than Joe Biden
according to Las Vegas Nevada casino
mods okay then Andrew yang at 1500 then
Bernie Sanders at plus 2000 the odds of
Bernie Sanders winning right now are
even with Pete Budaj edge which is to
say the likelihood is almost
nothing a lot of morals to this story
already and the story ain't over yet
guys in politics if you're playing to
win it takes personal commitment you
have to be clear about matters of
principle but it also takes tremendous
personal sacrifice I think Bernie
Sanders could never have won because he
wasn't willing to make those sacrifices
[Music]